What's this data called?
Where is it described?
Do you have the rights to publish this data as open data?
Is there a link to your data from your main website?
Where is your dataset?
Does your data documentation include machine-readable data for:
Which page on your website links to the data?
Who publishes this data?
Where do you detail the risks people might encounter if they use this data?
Is your data listed within a collection?
How do you publish a series of the same dataset?
What website is the data published on?
What kind of release is this?
Was <em>all</em> this data originally created or gathered by you?
Where is it listed?
Was some of this data extracted or calculated from other data?
Is this data referenced from your own publications?
Are <em>all</em> sources of this data already published as open data?
Where is your data referenced?
Where is your current dataset?
What format do dataset release URLs follow?
Was some of this data crowdsourced?
Does the data behind your API change?
Where is your list of dataset releases?
Will your data go out of date?
Where is the endpoint for your API?
Did contributors to this data use their judgement?
Where is the Contributor Licence Agreement (CLA)?
Have all contributors agreed to the Contributor Licence Agreement (CLA)?
Does this data change at least daily?
How do you publish database dumps?
Does your documentation include machine-readable metadata for each distribution on:
What type of dataset series is this?
Where do you describe sources of this data?
Is a feed of changes available?
Is documentation about the sources of this data also in machine-readable format?
How often do you create a new release?
Where is the current database dump?
What format do database dump URLs follow?
Where is your list of available database dumps?
Where is the technical documentation for the data?
Where have you published the rights statement for this dataset?
Where is your feed of changes?
How long is the delay between when you create a dataset and when you publish it it?
Do the data formats use vocabularies or schemas?
Under which licence can people reuse this data?
Is this data machine-readable?
Where is documentation about your data vocabularies?
Why doesn't a licence apply to this data?
Which waiver do you use to waive rights in the data?
Is this data in a standard open format?
Are there any codes used in this data?
Where is the waiver for the rights in the data?
Do you also publish dumps of this dataset?
Where are any codes in your data documented?
What is the name of the licence?
What kind of data do you publish?
Where is the licence?
How frequently do you create a new database dump?
Do your human-readable documents include formats that
Is the licence an open licence?
Where can people find out how to contact someone with questions about this data?
Is there any copyright in the content of this data?
Does your statistical data include formats that
Where can people find out how to improve the way your data is published?
Is the content of the data marked as public domain?
Will your data be corrected if it has errors?
Where can people find out how to contact someone with questions about privacy?
Under which licence can others reuse content?
Why doesn't a licence apply to the content of the data?
Where do you document issues with the quality of this data?
Does your geographic data include formats that
Do you use social media to connect with people who use your data?
Which waiver do you use to waive copyright?
Where is the waiver for the copyright?
Where is your quality control process described?
Which social media accounts can people reach you on?
What's the name of the licence?
Does your structured data include formats that
Where should people discuss this dataset?
Where is the licence?
Is the licence an open licence?
Do you take offsite backups?
Does your data use persistent identifiers?
Where can people find out how to request corrections to your data?
Where are the rights and licensing of the content explained?
Where do you describe any guarantees about service availability?
Can the identifiers in your data be used to find extra information?
Where can people find out how to get notifications of corrections to your data?
Does your rights statement include machine-readable versions of
Where do you give information about the current status of the service?
Do you have anyone who actively builds a community around this data?
Where is the service that is used to resolve the identifiers?
How long will this data be available for?
Where is their home page?
Is there third-party information about things in your data on the web?
Is that third-party information reliable?
Where do you list tools to work with your data?
Does your data use those third-party URLs?
Do you provide machine-readable provenance for your data?
Can individuals be identified from this data?
Where do you describe how people can verify that data they receive comes from you?
Has your anonymisation process been independently audited?
Have you attempted to reduce or remove the possibility of individuals being identified?
Are you required or permitted by law to publish this data about individuals?
Where do you document your right to publish data about individuals?
Have you carried out a Privacy Impact Assessment?
Where is your Privacy Impact Assessment published?
Has your Privacy Impact Assessment been independently audited?
Where is the privacy notice for individuals affected by your data?
Is there someone in your organisation who is responsible for data protection?
Have you involved them in the Privacy Impact Assessment process?
Has your anonymisation approach been independently audited?
